# ForechastingStock
This programming will explain about the Risk Analysis and proper Stock Selection in the Selection of Investment Portfolios using the Lagrange Multiplier

ABSTRACT
Nowadays, people are increasingly aware of the importance of investment. I don't think many of them choose to jump into it. However, one important thing to understand is the investment risk. Investment risk is a condition where investors have the potential to experience losses due to investment activities. In other words, the expected profit or return on investment is not appropriate. In this case, the risk of investment is directly proportional to the return on investment. If the return on investment is high, then the risk is high. Vice versa, if the investment returns are low, the risk is generally low.  In addition, it is important for investors to recognize and understand the profile investment risk. This is useful in determining what investment products best suit the needs of investors and their risk profile. Therefore, it is necessary to have an appropriate method to choose protofoloio so that investments in stocks do not suffer heavy losses. By using the lagrange multiplier method with a quadratic programming model where the objective function is in the form of Covariance of 3 investment data on CFDs, with a constraint function of 3 investment data equal to IDR 15,000,000,000 and an average of 3 investment data must be more than equal to the expected return of IDR 75,000, resulting in optimal investment recommendations to be invested in the capital market BBAP_JK IDR 77,560,348,  BBCA_JK of Rp 91,122,411, and BBNI_JK of Rp 183,415,016
Keywords: Investment, Capital Markets, Quadratic Programming, Lagrange Multiplier
